Add debug.enabled to admin debugging doc (#2215)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: doc/source/administrator/debug.md

Sometimes your JupyterHub deployment doesn't behave the way you'd expect.
This section provides some tips on debugging and fixing some common problems.

## Verbose logging

> You can increase the level of detail in JupyterHub's logs by adding this to your configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can increase the level of detail in logs emitted by various pods (hub, proxy, autohttps, and user pods) by adding this to your configuration:
```

```yaml
debug:
  enabled: true
```

> This is particularly useful if JupyterHub has started but you have problems with authentication, singleuser servers or services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful if JupyterHub has started but you have problems with authentication, singleuser servers or services. A downside to enabling this is that the amount of logs emitted will make it harder to read logs for an overview and will increase the costs of a system setup to collect and store logs.
```
